Domain Name: domains.coop
Registry Domain ID: D7881481-CNIC
Registrar WHOIS Server: http://whois.domains.coop/
Registrar URL: http://www.domains.coop/
Updated Date: 2024-06-02T14:29:00.967Z
Creation Date: 2002-07-09T10:21:51.000Z
Registry Expiry Date: 2029-07-09T23:59:59.000Z
Registrar: Domains.coop Limited
Registrar IANA ID: 465
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: violetta@domains.coop
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +44.1865403136
Domain Status: clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: REDACTED FOR PRIVACY
Registrant Name: REDACTED FOR PRIVACY
Registrant Organization: Domains.coop Limited
Registrant Street: REDACTED FOR PRIVACY
Registrant City: REDACTED FOR PRIVACY
Registrant State/Province: Oxfordshire
Registrant Postal Code: REDACTED FOR PRIVACY
Registrant Country: GB
Registrant Phone: REDACTED FOR PRIVACY
Registrant Fax: REDACTED FOR PRIVACY
Registrant Email: Please query the RDDS service of the Registrar of Record identified in this output for information on how to contact the Registrant, Admin, or Tech contact of the queried domain name.
Name Server: ns0.centralnic-dns.com
Name Server: ns1.centralnic-dns.com
Name Server: ns2.centralnic-dns.com
Name Server: ns3.centralnic-dns.com
Name Server: ns4.centralnic-dns.com
Name Server: ns5.centralnic-dns.com
DNSSEC: unsigned
URL of the ICANN RDDS Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://icann.org/wicf

>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2025-11-30T17:10:03.239Z <<<

For more information on domain status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

The WHOIS information provided in this page has been redacted
in compliance with ICANN's Temporary Specification for gTLD
Registration Data.

The data in this record is provided by Tucows Registry for informational
purposes only, and it does not guarantee its accuracy. Tucows Registry is
authoritative for whois information in top-level domains it operates
under contract with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and
Numbers. Whois information from other top-level domains is provided by
a third-party under license to Tucows Registry.

This service is intended only for query-based access. By using this
service, you agree that you will use any data presented only for lawful
purposes and that, under no circumstances will you use (a) data
acquired for the purpose of allowing, enabling, or otherwise supporting
the transmission by e-mail, telephone, facsimile or other
communications mechanism of mass  unsolicited, commercial advertising
or solicitations to entities other than your existing  customers; or
(b) this service to enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that send queries or data to the systems of any Registrar or any
Registry except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing domain name registrations.

Tucows Registry reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. By
submitting this query, you agree to abide by this policy. All rights
reserved.